Updates Interactors docs with revised copy (#798)
thefrontside/bigtest: website/docs/interactors/1-quick-start.md

slug: /interactors
---

> BigTest's Interactors makes writing your UI tests easier, faster, and more reliable. You can use them across many different testing frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BigTest's Interactors make writing your UI tests easier, faster, and more reliable. You can use them across many different testing frameworks.
```

- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm) or [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)
- A web app*

*To follow along with this tutorial, you need an app that uses [Jest](https://jestjs.io/), [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/), or BigTest. For the most informative learning experience you should use one of your own apps. If you don’t have one available you can use the sample app below

### Sample app

Run the following command to install a sample project which includes a simple app with test suites implemented for Jest, Cypress, and BigTest:

```
$ npx bigtest-sample
```

> After you’ve installed the project, you’ll be able to run the test suite you desire. For example, for running the Jest suite you can use `npm run test:jest`. More details are available in the welcome message for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you’ve installed the project, you’ll be able to run the test suite of your choice. For example, for running the Jest suite you can use `npm run test:jest`. More details are available in the welcome message for the project.
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> If you are using the sample project, you can find these examples at `bigtest-sample/src/test/jest.test..js`,  `bigtest-sample/src/test/cypress.spec.js` and  `bigtest-sample/src/test/bigtest.test.js`.

Reviewer 2: There are extra spaces before cypress and bigtest.

Now run your tests as you usually would or use any of the sample project options. Congratulations – you used your first Interactor!

:::note The BigTest Platform

>  There's more to BigTest than just Interactors. BigTest can also run your tests on any _real_ browser – just like your users use. We have built a new integrated platform from the ground up to help you test more with less effort. And best of all it's free and Open Source! [Check it out](/platform), and let us know what you think..

Reviewer 2: Should there be an extra `.` at the end? Or take one out?

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

As you can see, Interactors not only make it simple to use DOM elements like RadioButton and TextField, but they can also abstract away implementation details of other more complex components like DatePicker and Modal. We don’t need to know how the Modal works - we simply use it as a user would see it. That’s the power about Interactors: they simplify testing difficult interactions while being portable, making them ideal for design systems.

## Next steps

### Continue learning about Interactors

Try using more of the [Built-in Interactors](2-built-in-dom.md) within your tests such as `Link`, `Checkbox`, `TextField`, and more.

> You’ll quickly realize how much more powerful Interactors when combined with [Locators, Filters, and Actions](3-locators-filters-actions.md).

Reviewer 2: I think we're missing a word here.
